doc: update CONTRIBUTING.md (clarify removal criteria/what does not qualify) (#1333)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data: CONTRIBUTING.md

- If the project is forked from another project, please add `(fork of $PROJECT)` at the end of the description.
- If the project distributes a single static binary, please add the programming language in which it is written.

### What does not qualify

- Software that depends on a specific cloud provider

> - Desktop/mobile/common-line applications which rely on a separate file synchronization/server program

Reviewer: For consistency, we should start that bullet point also with “Software that…” or drop “Software that” entirely. e.g.:
```suggestion
- Software that is a desktop, mobile, or command-line application, which relies on a separate file synchronisation/server program
```
